(While Olivia Hye preparing a photo shoot)
(What are other members doing?)
Chuu: Feeling great~
Chuu: It's a nice day, isn't it?
Yves: It's really great~
Go Won: What are you guys doing?
Chuu: Feeling spring~
Go Won: Click!
Go Won: It feels like spring is really coming!
Yves: Right, cause I'm dragging spring here like this!
Go Won: Amazing!
Go Won: You know, the atmosphere of here is like too much winter!
Go Won: You failed!
(Found a telephone!)
Chuu: 0...
Chuu: How can I use this...?
(She might've never seen a telephone like this...)
(Don't need to push buttons. It's rotary dial phone.)
(She is making a phone call to...)
Chuu: Hello~
Chuu: Mommy~
Chuu: Alright!
Chuu: She said 'don't skip a meal'
Chuu: 'And good luck with your shooting'
Yves: She said all of that even in that short time?
Yves: Is she a rapper?
Yves: Please edit it in a fun way with using some sound effects!
Chuu: Chuu, take
Chuu: C A R E
Chuu: and always try your best!
Go Won: Take care~
Go Won: Try your best~
(I tried my best, too...)
(End with Chuu's own sound effects!)